GHOST: Previously on Power...
You know any Tainos?
(gunshot)
VINCENT: Pick one.
(gun clicks)
- What does Teresi know?
- He don't know nothing.
Well. please keep it that way.
Tommy's laundering his money
in James' club.
Fuck yes. Yes.
A house in Suffolk County
was raided
after the neighbors made a complaint.
One particular weapon
stood out from the rest.
(Speaking Spanish)
Are you the one who stole my gold gun
and planted it in Long Island?
TOMMY: You want the Jimenez. right?
Give me that tracker
you took off my car.
You never told Karen you signed
a non-compete clause
when you were at Truth?
Your dismissal
is effective immediately.
I will never let you have joint custody.
I'm sorry. aren't you the one
who's about to get disbarred on ethics?
Tariq shot him. with my gun.
- Where's your gun right now?
- It's gone.
We're gonna need you to surrender
your registered firearm.
That gun was stolen.
You're lying to the police.
I watched you put that gun in the safe.
You're losing it
and you need to take a break.
- (grunting)
- Come here.
STERN: Jason.
- I want the truth.
- Oh. it don't matter.
It matters to me!
- Come here.
- TASHA: Stop it.
- Tasha. get off me.
- No. you need to go.
What are the choices
that led you to this moment?
Milan.
Know your home. family.
- Angela.
- We can't be together. Angie.
It's the right decision.
(sobbing)
What would you do differently?
JOE: ♪ They say this is
a big. rich town ♪
♪ I just come
from the poorest part ♪
♪ Bright lights. city life ♪
♪ I gotta make it.
this is where it goes down ♪
♪ I just happen
to come up hard ♪
♪ Legal or illegal. baby.
I gotta make it ♪
50 CENT: ♪ I never took
a straight path nowhere ♪
♪ Life's full of twists
and turns. bumps and bruises ♪
♪ I live. I /earn ♪
♪ I'm from that city full of
yellow cabs and skyscrapers ♪
♪ It's hard to get a start
in these parts without paper ♪
♪ Homey. I grew up in hell.
a block away from heaven ♪
♪ That corner every 15
minutes. they moving seven ♪
♪ Pure snow. bag it.
then watch it go ♪
♪ Occupational options.
get some blow or some hos ♪
♪ Shoot the ball or the strap.
/earn to rap or to jack ♪
♪ Fuck it. man.
in the meantime ♪
♪ Go head and pump a pack ♪
♪ This my regal. royal flow.
my James Bond bounce ♪
♪ That 007.
that's 62 on my count ♪
♪ I'm an undercover liar.
I lie under the covers ♪
♪ Look a bitch in the eyes and
tell her. baby. I love ya ♪
♪ You're my inspiration.
you're my motivation ♪
♪ You're the reason that I'm
moving with no hesitation ♪
JOE: ♪ They say this is
a big. rich town ♪
♪ Yeah. I just come
from the poorest part ♪
♪ Bright lights. city life ♪
♪ I gotta make it.
this is where it goes down ♪
♪ Oh. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ I just happen
to come up hard ♪
♪ Legal or illegal. baby.
I gotta make it ♪
I thought with Raina being gone.
it would kill me.
I thought there's
no getting lower than that.
But the pain.
it just keeps getting worse.
Things just keep
getting taken away from me.
(Scoffs)
Everything went wrong
went I went inside.
Jamie...
GHOST: And I don't expect
an apology from you. Angie.
I mean.
you didn't know the truth
because I chose to not
tell you the truth.
You know me. I thought
I had everything under control.
(snaps fingers)
I thought I was making
all the right decisions.
What do you want me to say?
GHOST: Tonight I was asked
about my first mistakes.
my lies.
I told the biggest ones to you.
At the end...
I didn't leave you because
I didn't love you anymore.
(Solemn music)
I didn't leave you because of
Tasha or because of my kids.
A man threatened my life.
so I left you to save yours.
Why didn't you tell me this?
GHOST: It worked.
He left you alone.
He never came near you.
I think that's the last lie.
I gotta go to bed. Jamie.
Listen. you can stay.
I'll make up the couch.
(James Vincent McMorrow's
"Surreal" playing)
JAMES: ♪ So why can we never
say the things we mean ♪
There's a toothbrush
underneath the sink.
♪ Before it's too late ♪
♪ I've got some secrets ♪
♪ I intend to keep ♪
♪ Down to my grave ♪
♪ I'll be enough ♪
♪ To behold ♪
ALL: ♪ Show me something ♪
♪ Something ♪
♪ Your new /over ♪
♪ On fire ♪
♪ In the night ♪
♪ In
the night ♪
♪ Night ♪
GHOST: Good morning.
Good morning.
How'd you sleep?
GHOST: Didn't.
Look. Angie. I didn't get to--
There's something
I need to say first.
You're not the only one that
hasn't been completely honest.
At least not recently.
(knock on door)
GHOST: Ignore it.
I can't.
Angela. we need to talk.
Tasha. I just need
to explain something.
TASHA: What're you doing here?
What is he doing here?
- You kicked me out.
- You kicked him out?
- That's what happened?
- Tasha. why are you here?
Detective Leary came to
the penthouse
looking for my gun last night.
TASHA: He said that
they're getting close
to finding Rama's killer.
Now. I told him it was stolen.
But does that mean that
they connected us to Ray Ray?
- Tasha. Tasha. Tasha. we can--
- She knows. Ghost.
She knows?
How much?
TASHA: Everything.
I know Tariq
killed Raymond Jones.
Why would you tell Angela this?
Because I needed
to save our family.
Angela's the one who told me
where to find Tariq that night.
I was gonna turn you all in.
I thought you did it
and set me up to help.
So Tasha told me
and convinced me
that we're all better off
if no one ever knows
that Tariq was involved.
I'm on your side. Jamie.
We're gonna make sure
Tariq stays out of jail.
(Tense music)
Tasha. why wouldn't you
tell me this?
Because I didn't trust you.
I didn't trust that you
wouldn't make things worse.
And I knew you wouldn't
trust us to handle it.
Look. I know you
don't understand. but I--
No. actually. I do understand.
What I don't understand
is you two working together.
(Scoffs)
We have it under control.
You sure?
What about Tasha's gun?
The ballistics reports are gone.
There's no way for them to
trace the bullet back to you
without the gun.
They're gonna bring you in
for questioning on that.
I'll have to prep you.
So we need to call Proctor.
No. he's not a lawyer.
And she can't take him.
It'll look suspicious.
We're gonna be a while.
Everyone. this is
Sergeant Blanca Rodriguez
from NYPD Internal Affairs.
- Thank you.
- Hmm.
I'm heading up the murder
investigation
of an NYPD undercover
detective. Raymond Jones.
BLANCA: We don't have a body.
but we recovered a bullet
that we'd like to match
to match to a .380
registered to Mrs. St. Patrick.
Please offer your assistance
where requested.
while also
maintaining discretion.
BLANCA:
This office confiscated
and tested
Mrs. St. Patrick's weapon.
but the ballistics report
mysteriously went missing.
possibly at the hand
of someone in your office.
Diego thinks I planted
some gun in Long Island?
That shit wasn't me.
I didn't even know
about the spot.
Relax. Dre.
My brother can be a bit
careless about his belongings.
But I know you
didn't set him up.
All right. good.
But we have a bigger problem.
Diego thinks Tommy and Ghost
told the FBI where to find us.
Now. why would he think that?
(Ominous music)
Uh. I don't know.
I said no war.
And if Diego goes after Tommy.
who's backed by the Serbians.
what do you think will happen?
I know how you think.
You play both sides
against the middle.
Find someone else to blame.
What would you do?
Hypothetical scenario.
Someone commits a murder. Joe.
with your registered gun.
cops call you in
for questioning.
(snickers)
Jesus Christ.
Proctor. I just said
"hypothetical." man.
Yeah.
Hypothetical.
The best defense
is an airtight alibi. but
"some other dude did it"
works in this case as well.
Even if it's a frame job.
But I would highly suggest
that you stay away from it.
You got no worries on that.
I told somebody else
they could handle it.
Oh. yeah. fucking who?
Tommy?
Tasha and Angela.
Well. how the fuck
does that even happen?
- After the situation--
- You know. you know what?
I don't even wanna know. okay?
Better I don't.
Yeah. maybe it's an advantage.
them shutting you out.
If you can keep
your hands clean.
Think about yourself.
You know how to do that.
(Foreboding music)
(cell phone ringing)
TARIQ: Hey. it's Tariq.
Send me a text.
Hey. son. it's your father.
Listen. man. I'm sorry that
you had to see me that way
last night.
Particularly with it
being your birthday.
And those things I said...
Well. we've all done things
we're not very proud of.
so I just wanna say that
I swear my intentions
were good. and. uh...
I hope you can forgive me.
What's up. dude?
Practice sucked.
TARIQ: Coach had you all
running suicides?
- Yeah. he's a dick.
- (chuckles)
(ominous music)
Hell. yeah.
Dude. I love this shit.
My sister uses this.
Can I have some?
Nah.
Come on. man.
I'll pay you for it.
How much you want?
Like. $20 a pill. yeah?
Not for sale. bro.
All right. that's fucked up.
(phone dings)
Mm. oh. my God.
You know what?
These taste exactly the way
they did before I went inside.
Yeah. why mess with greatness?
TERESI: How do they do that?
It's a very nice alley.
But what're we doing here?
I just need you as a lookout.
TOMMY: Your baby blues still
work. don't they. old man?
Yeah. my eyes do.
Fuck you.
Fuck your mother.
I did fuck your mother.
- (laughs)
- You're disgusting.
- What. no--
- Are you out of your mind?
Come on. she was beautiful.
(chuckles)
Hey. look.
If anybody pulls up.
anybody comes out.
you see anything suspicious.
just give me a call and I'm
out of there. all right?
All right.
Whose--
Whose car is that. anyway?
This motherfucker Dre.
Hmm?
Don't worry about it.
Get that phone on and ready.
I got you.
(Ominous music)
They're probably gonna
call you in today or tomorrow.
(cell phone vibrates)
He's not gonna stay out of it.
is he?
It's not Jamie.
It's work.
I'm not sleeping with him.
Tasha.
I know you have no reason
to believe me. but it's true.
Like I said before. I don't
care about that anymore.
I'm being honest.
I'm being honest too.
I don't care.
Now. are you gonna tell me
what to say or what?
So you're ready to take
a punch if he sees me in here?
(Snickers)
No need to sweat that.
When I said I needed to see him.
he asked me to bring you.
How did you and James
actually meet?
DRE: Oh. I was working
with an associate of his.
That job was no longer
desirable and
I sought employment with James.
Andre. James told me
you sell drugs.
(Scoffs)
And what kind of
business was he in
that you wanted to work for him?
Nightclubs.
Which he shut me out of. thanks
to this bullshit non-compete.
But look. Rashad.
if he asked you to bring me here
just to throw
this shit in my face.
I'm not staying to watch him
wild out again. you understand?
I have every intention on
speaking to James
about his rage issue and
the scene he caused last night.
- Shit was unacceptable.
- Yeah.
Gentlemen.
Hmm.
Rashad.
GHOST: What seems
to be the emergency?
It seems the Queens Child
Project and its donors
are being audited by the IRS.
What?
Why?
Random audits like these happen
a lot with minority businesses.
It's pretty standard.
There's nothing
to be worried about.
if there's nothing
Thanks for letting us know.
Cooperate with them
and don't make any changes
in the meantime.
TA TE: Now. if you'll
excuse me. James.
I'm about to get an onslaught
of angry calls
from New York's elite.
and their less-than-happy
accountants.
I'll be in touch.
Andre. can we rap for a second?
I'm not gonna shoot you. man.
Listen. I'd like for you and I
to work together going forward.
GHOST: Just hear me out.
To make sure that
the Queens Child Project
is carried out
to its fullest extent.
For Raina.
Look. Ghost. I had nothing
to do with that.
And I didn't ask Tate to bring
me into any of this.
So. I'm good.
Thank you.
Look. this ain't about Tate.
Dre.
This is about us. okay?
- I wanna call a truce.
- A truce?
I think we can accomplish
more working together
than working against each other.
(Foreboding music)
Nah. no offense. man. but
it's not the smartest thing
for me to trust you.
What do you say I make
a gesture of good faith?
Say. call the Bassetts.
get your job back.
But what about the non-compete?
Those things are negotiable.
You let me worry about it.
(overlapping chatter)
LINDSAY: See you tomorrow.
WOMAN: Have a good one.
Lindsay Proctor?
Who the fuck are you?
My name is John Mak.
And I know you're trying to
regain custody
of your daughter.
And I also know
you're a cokehead.
Recovering cokehead.
Now. you've been in and out of
rehab for the past eight years.
There's no fucking way
you're gonna get her back.
Not unless I help you.
'Cause I'm a federal prosecutor.
What did Joey do now?
He had a censure hearing
recently.
And under oath. he said that
he no longer associates
with the criminal side
of his family.
I'm wondering if you have
any knowledge otherwise.
(Tense music)
Cr...
you can keep protecting
your ex-husband
who's never done shit for you.
go to family court and never
see your daughter again
And I could walk away right now.
Hey.
Hey. uh...
Don't tell me.
Stacey.
Can you do me a huge favor?
(hip-hop music)
A bunch of Tainos
got hit up last night.
- Damn.
- Word.
What the fuck happened?
Who gives a fuck?
The fuck you mean
"who gives a fuck"?
First of all.
it's our organization.
So whatever happens to any of
us happens to all of us. man.
I don't see it like that.
but a'ight.
They need some extra niggas
to move weight or some shit?
Where were you last night.
2-Bit?
(Chuckles)
Look. if I wanted
to shoot fucking Tainos.
I would've shot your boy.
Cris ain't my fucking boy. man.
I told you to stop saying
that shit to me about that--
Boy. not your boy.
Okay.
Would you all kiss
and make up already?
Damn.
Y'all know I hate it
when y'all be fighting.
SPANKY: Come on. now.
The love.
- You love--
- Yo. Cris.
Dre was just saying you--
I mean. we got a problem.
I'd say we got more than one.
CRISTOBAL: My guys are
dropping in the streets
and our connect just got popped.
So. the Jimenez got
locked up the other night.
- 2-BIT: Shit.
- Yeah.
And. uh. they out now. so...
The fuck?
Already?
Yeah. I found out
when Diego pulled up on me
and accused me
of setting him up. man.
Did you know anything
about that. Cris?
Nah. man.
Well. you never know
who you could trust.
Power makes people do
some crazy shit.
Yeah. well. Diego ain't people.
Your boy's crazy as fuck.
And I'm about done with him.
Hear me?
Look. man.
he ain't my fucking boy
just because
we speak the same language.
Ma/dito paraguayo.
See? That shit right there.
man.
Come on. man. you wanted
to run the streets so bad
you should've learned
fucking Spanish.
CRISTOBAL: I'll talk to you
when you calm down.
DRE: Get the fuck
out of my face.
(Speaking Spanish)
(Chuckles)
(inhales deeply)
That motherfucker's
trying to set me up.
He's trying to set me up.
He sent the Feds to the Jimenez
and told them it was me. man.
He's trying to take over
my whole shit.
Cristobal?
Nah. that nigga's a bitch.
Then tell me
what the fuck he just said!
2. what the fuck did he say?
You need. like. a translation
app on your phone
or something. bruh.
This ain't the time. Spank.
What about son from the Toros
you fuck with?
The one that killed Lorenzo.
Let's go talk to Arturo.
Be nice.
So how's business going?
(sighs)
I'm fucked is how it's going.
I got a connect
breathing down my neck.
I got more product
than I can move.
- Yeah?
- (sighs)
I just lost my goddamn network.
Hey. maybe you and me should
get together and do something.
what do you think?
- Yeah. like what?
- TERESI: I don't know.
I'll think of something.
(chuckles)
- (Snickers)
- (knock at door)
What's up. Ghost?
Come on in. brother.
Hey. Tommy.
I need to holler at you.
I gotta talk to you
about a few...
What?
- Hey. Ghost.
- Teresi.
What's going on?
I'm gonna step outside.
No. no. no. this is all good.
Anything he has to say to me
he can say in front of you.
What's up?
We made an arrangement.
I was supposed
to clean your money.
But listen. brother. I--I
can't clean your money anymore.
I gotta stop.
I'm fucking being audited.
And?
Your books are clean as bleach.
He's right. Tommy.
You can't take chances
if people are sniffing around.
I don't need backup. Teresi.
I'm cool.
All right.
Listen. I'm gonna give you guys
some privacy. all right?
- No. no. no.
- No. no. no. No. no. no. no.
I-- I should be
with Connie anyway.
Catch you later.
TOMMY: Later.
I'm totally fucked now. Ghost.
You know I ain't got no network.
TOMMY: And now I ain't got
nowhere to clean my money.
GHOST: I know that too.
Jason's gonna fucking
eat me alive.
I'm sorry.
You're sorry?
Ghost. you're always sorry
when you change your mind.
♪ Somos de la calle.
calle ♪
♪ Somos de la calle. calle
Somos de la calle. calle ♪
There he is.
Hey. Dre. heh-hey.
I was gonna come find you if
I didn't hear from you sooner.
Yo. uh. what're we gonna do now
that the Jimenez are locked up?
Hey. man. don't worry
about that. all right?
They out.
Got another job for you.
You're gonna be his translator.
Tell him everything these
Spanish niggas be sayin'.
Yo. I don't know
if I should do that.
Whoa. whoa. you don't know what?
If Lorenzo should be standing
here instead of you?
I'm not asking you.
motherfucker.
Someone's setting me up.
I got Diego all over my back
talking about a gold gun
he thinks I planted
in Long Island. man.
If you got something to say.
say that shit. motherfucker.
Uh...
If you got something to say.
motherfucker. say that shit.
All right. look.
When Uriel was alive.
he said that Diego
would never come by the house.
But Alicia always stopped
by herself a few times.
She called it
a "surprise visit."
ARTURO: She would come
in disguise
dresses like a fucking maid.
He said she was hot
and loquisima.
Crazy.
2-BIT: So Alicia was there?
Alicia could've planted
that shit.
Facts.
You're on the job now. amigo.
- You hear me?
- I hear you.
Be at the meet with Diego
in an hour.
How did he know about
the Jimenez getting locked up?
You just told us.
So who told him?
Guess I found someone to blame.
What the fuck are you
doing with this audit?
Are you trying to get me killed?
They trace this back to me.
I'm dead in one second.
Yeah. so we don't really care
as long as we get our guy.
His books are clean
as a whistle.
And the line from me to you.
Mao. is pretty short.
Now. who do you think is next
if I get called. huh?
SAXE: You're not having second
thoughts. are you. Teresi?
It seems like every time
we start to make a real move
you got a reason to pull back.
I ain't never gonna earn
their trust
if you keep pouncing
on every little thing.
TERESI: Cool your
fucking jets
until I get you the big one.
Deal.
Just remember. it's too late
for you to change your mind.
(sighs)
(line trills)
(cell phone vibrates)
Hello?
ANGELA: Tommy. it's Angela.
I didn't fucking tell you
you could call me.
Nothing's happening.
TOMMY:
What's your little box say?
It says that he's here.
I don't see the car.
It's inside.
Wait a second.
ANGELA:
I see a van pulling up.
(Tense music)
It says "Wholesale Flowers."
I'm gonna hang up now.
Don't fucking call me again.
ANGELA.' Who's this?
Ah. Diego Jimenez.
Bull's eye.
(camera beeps)
(camera shutter snapping)
(elevator chimes)
- Hey.
- The cops called.
I go in tomorrow.
And look. I know what
you're gonna say. Ghost.
but I had to protect our family.
and Angela was my only--
GHOST: No. I understand why
you did what you did.
I mean. I gave you every
reason to not trust me.
We made an agreement
when we got married
and I've not upheld
my side of it.
I promised to handle
certain things.
I promised to love
and protect you--
Wait a minute. Ghost.
I can't--
Oh. no. come on.
I promised to protect
this family.
GHOST: And somehow I became
the thing that you
had to protect it from.
I'm sorry.
(Solemn music)
(stammers)
Where is this coming from?
Last night when I left here.
I went to see Macedon.
I told him I wanted
to be a better man.
It's been easy. Tasha.
in my grief and in my anger
to blame everyone else
for what happened.
But the truth is.
I can't help but feel like it
was my finger on that trigger
that killed our baby girl.
- TASHA: No.
Don't do that.
See?
- GHOST: See what?
- It's typical Ghost.
It's always about you.
TASHA: You're not saying any
of this because you mean it.
You're saying it just
to make yourself feel better.
Look. Tasha. I know
it's gonna take time.
and I understand it's gonna
take time
for you to forgive me.
- TASHA: Forgive?
Yeah. that's gonna take...
some time.
I can't--
I just-- I just can't right now.
Wait. Tasha. Tasha.
How'd you know that you could
trust Angela with all of this?
Because she still loves you.
She does.
So what if they don't
reinstate you?
It's about time to get into
the family business anyways.
Benny. I told you.
I'm not going that way.
Okay.
Sure?
Yeah.
But hey. listen.
The Feds did raid my place.
And they didn't find anything.
though. by the way.
You're... amazing.
I'm really starting to enjoy
the whole craft of it all.
You know. I'm going back to
what they used to do in the old
days.
They used to use this
chicken wire.
and used to weigh
the body down--
Benny. Benny. the client that
I was talking about.
the one who got me
into this shit...
Yeah.
He's covering up some bullshit.
and now his wife is working
with his girlfriend.
his ex-girlfriend.
I--
Sounds like fucking
All My Children.
Which isn't a bad show.
I just--I feel like someone's
making an orange jumpsuit
with my name on it right now.
Look. relax.
Prison ain't that bad.
Hey. you're gonna be okay.
Oh. Jesus fucking Christ.
It's funny.
I thought you didn't associate
with the criminal element
in your family anymore.
But here you are.
at your cousin Benny Civellds
regular spot.
Yeah. who sent you?
Huh. was it Lindsay?
I told you not
to marry that cunt.
You did.
So now I got you on perjury.
And if that's not enough
to get you to talk.
I'm gonna go ahead and back
your ex's custody case.
You know. someone needs to
teach you some fucking manners.
No. no. Benny. he's a federal
prosecutor. all right?
He's not worth the nickel
you'll get for assaulting him.
- Trust me.
- See?
You still know
how to give good advice.
You got 48 hours before
I get an arrest warrant.
There has to be
someone to blame.
other than Tariq.
Some other dude did it.
That's what they call it.
Thanks.
You know. Angie. you just keep
showing up for me.
For me. now my family.
With everything that's happened.
Why is that?
I don't know.
Did you just come over here
last night
because Tasha kicked you out?
No.
I came over because
I owed you an apology.
I owed you the truth.
And that's the truth?
About when you said it was
the right decision
to end things between us?
That's the truth.
That night almost killed me.
(Somber music)
Me too.
How do I trust you?
I don't know.
You still love me?
Maybe you can trust me
if I actually do change.
(knock on door)
What you got?
Ta-da.
- Ramen?
- Mm-hmm.
I'm more of a Grand Slam
kind of guy before noon.
Go fuck yourself. you smart ass.
This right here is
the solution to your problem.
- TOMMY: Word?
- Let me show you something.
Check this out.
Look at this.
Look.
Huh?
It's how we got contraband
and burners inside.
And guess what pipeline
is wide fucking open
now that Sammy's on
the outs with the Italians.
- Fuck out of here.
- (laughs)
But. yo. Sammy.
Is he gonna move my weight
after everything
that happened with Vincent?
I just talked to him.
He's all set.
Hey. you need a network.
you got one.
Don't say I never
done nothing for you.
Yeah.
(chuckling)
(Hip-hop music)
- Yo.
- What up. boy?
Man. this ain't no school.
It's a resort.
Bunch of rich ass motherfuckers
running around.
KANAN: I mean. these
motherfuckers are prime
for pills.
You like it here?
I mean. it's cool.
The food is good.
I bet they got you eating
organic unicorns and shit.
(Chuckles)
It's just like Ghost to send you
to a bougie space like this.
Man. fuck that nigga.
I don't wanna talk
about him right now.
Are we getting
out of here or what?
Let's get out.
My family and I
are going through
an incredibly hard time.
But that's no excuse
for the way I've acted.
I want you to know
I appreciate your vision
for the Queens Child Project.
And also. I now see the value
that Dre brings. so.
I'm glad you
brought him on board.
You know I ain't buying
this shit. right?
Mm.
Well. how about this?
To again make up for any
mistakes I've made.
I would donate $50.000 to your
gubernatorial war chest.
Do you buy that?
Well. that's a. uh...
handsome offer. James.
Feels like you're
a changed man after all.
(Tense music)
They're gonna ask for
the last time you saw the gun.
where. and who else
had access to it.
Tell them.
ANGELA:
Innocent people cooperate.
Are we waiting on her lawyer?
BLANCA: Waived.
She's flying solo.
It's gonna be a fun day.
Ladies. let's go
catch some criminals.
I like her.
(door opens)
Where's Detective Leary?
Isn't this his case?
BLANCA: Today's his day off.
I'm Sergeant Blanca Rodriguez.
Thank you for coming in.
- Have we met before?
- No.
Have a seat.
BLANCA: Mrs. St. Patrick.
uh. you're the registered owner
of a .380 Micro Eagle
that was reported stolen. urn...
That's correct.
BLANCA: Just a few days before
it was allegedly stolen.
it was returned to you
in a federal evidence box
by your lawyer.
Deleterious Silver.
Actually. urn. I didn't even
realize the gun was in there.
So I put the box in a closet.
and--and then
when Raina was killed...
So many people were
in and out of the house.
And it wasn't until things
calmed down
that I saw it was missing.
I understand.
Unfortunately. unless someone
can corroborate
that you put the box
where you say.
it doesn't mean much.
Terry Silver.
He saw me do it.
If that's true.
Mrs. St. Patrick.
then Terry Silver is part
of the chain of custody
and a valuable witness
in this case.
(Clears throat)
(phone dings)
(hip-hop music)
You gotta go back?
Nah. it's just my dad.
I wish he would leave me alone.
I hear you.
But you ain't ever gonna be
free from them
as long as he paying
for all your shit.
I know.
But what am I supposed to do?
I mean. I had my own cash.
but I fucked that up.
So un-fuck it up.
It's too late.
Everything's so different.
And Rama's gone.
♪ I could feel the vibration
on the side of my muscle ♪
♪ It ain't no fault
with the devil ♪
At least your dad got Ray Ray.
He didn't do that shit.
I did.
I killed Ray Ray.
You did it?
♪ I'ma get deeper than this ♪
That's what's up. kid.
You did the right thing.
little man.
♪ If the money don't come
in the sun on your bed ♪
(ominous music)
Hey. sit up straight.
Zip your jacket up.
O--open this so you
could see the Choate.
Where are we going anyway?
Just dropping something off
for an old friend.
KANAN: Goddamn Double Deuce.
Who'd you steal this from.
your mama?
This is my sidekick right here.
J.P.: Choate man.
Went to Deerfield myself.
Ran quite a scam there.
Yeah? Seems like
you still running it.
Mm.
So listen. I know what we
talked about on the phone. but
my projected sales have changed.
That sound like
a you problem to me.
I understand why you think
that. coming from where you do.
but some things fluctuate in
an open market
and that requires
revisiting terms.
- I'm not revisiting shit.
- (chuckles)
J.P.: We're not in prison
anymore. K.
Things work differently
out here.
Yeah.
You know what don't work
different?
(Suspenseful music)
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
You're not sorry yet.
motherfucker.
(grunts)
Come on.
J.P.: (whimpering)
Get that.
I need a favor.
The usual.
I thought Lindsay was clean.
man.
For now.
And now she's trying
to get custody back.
But once she relapses--
And she will relapse--
That's all gonna go away.
I just...
I need her to relapse.
Fast.
I was thinking maybe
a gram or so would do it.
Yo. I can't.
What about Tommy?
He got the same problem?
He--he grow a sense of
civic duty overnight?
(Chuckles)
Tommy should be able
to help you.
Do you know
a Detective Raymond Jones?
(Tense music)
No. I've never heard that name.
You see. I find that
hard to believe.
because we think he's the man
who killed your daughter.
See if you can get them to tell
you
who they think
killed Raina and why.
If we know their theory. then
we'll know what to do next.
Why would a police officer
kill Raina?
I don't know yet.
But the day before Raina
was murdered.
Detective Jones went
to Van Allen Academy
looking for Tariq.
He spoke to Raina instead.
I didn't know that.
Detective Jones was killed
just one night
after Raina passed away
with a .380 bullet.
Wait a minute. I'm sorry.
Am I being accused of murder?
Because if so.
I'm gonna need my lawyer.
No. no. no.
Calm down.
We don't think you killed
Detective Jones. Tasha.
We think you know who did.
Can you pull over to
the side for me. please?
Is there a problem?
I got a noise complaint
from one of the residents.
Where are you coming from?
Sorry. sir. we're just coming
from my teacher's house.
I had to drop off a paper
that was due tomorrow.
- What class was it for?
- Philosophy.
It was a comparison of
Aristotle and Plato's theories.
What's your teacher's name?
(Suspenseful music)
(gasping)
His name is. uh...
Mr.--Mr. Scudellari.
GUARD: Uh. wait.
You okay. kid?
My asthma.
I don't have my inhaler.
- All right. look. calm down.
- You're upsetting him.
You got a brown bag
in there or something?
Okay. just 90-
KANAN:
Man. what the fuck was that?
Niggas get shot for panicking
and shit like that.
Man. your trunk
is riding low as fuck.
You want him to search it?
Man. you ain't missing shit.
(chuckles)
Shit.
You got a good hustle going.
Just be patient.
ride this shit out. man.
Play the long game.
KANAN: Won't nobody be able
to tell you shit.
I need you to do me a favor.
I knew this Bassett shit
would come
with strings attached. man.
No strings.
This will benefit you too.
I need you to take out
Jason Micic.
(Snickers)
Tommy's connect?
(Foreboding music)
All right.
I'll do it for you.
If you do something for me.
Diego Jimenez.
- What the actual fuck?
- Lindsay.
They publish these meetings in
the fucking Law Review?
Why would you tell the Feds
where the fuck to find
Benny and me. huh?
Do you seriously
think Elisa Marie
would be better off
if I went to prison?
It's not illegal to have
a drink with your cousin. Joey.
You shouldn't have lied
under oath.
- WOMAN: You coming in. Lindsay?
- Yeah. one sec.
The guy said he'd keep me
from seeing Elisa Marie.
so I gave you up.
(Ominous music)
These things get any better
since the last time?
No. boring as shit. like always.
Yeah.
Some things never change. huh?
(sighs)
Well. got your alimony check.
In person?
Fuck you.
I have almost 45 days.
you piece of shit.
Calm down.
Now I want you to go to prison.
See you in court.
(sighs)
They don't normally question
somebody this long.
ANGELA: Jamie.
you know their tactics.
Sometimes they wear you down
with exhaustion.
GHOST: Tasha's built for it.
She won't crack.
Let's hope so.
If she holds up.
they can't prove a thing.
But if she breaks...
we're all going down.
About the other night...
I don't know if we should
try again. Angela.
Neither do I.
(Solemn music)
But if we did try again.
Tasha would have
to know this time.
which means I would have
to be honest and so would you.
BLANCA: Do you have any contact
with Angela Valdes?
She sent us condolences.
BLANCA: Can you think of
any reason she would've been
looking into
Raymond Jones' murder?
No.
The morning Raymond Jones
was killed.
he logged into the NYPD system
to read
your son Tariq's
witness statement
from his sister's murder.
You know who else looked at it?
Angela Valdes.
Well. she knew Raina.
She probably was trying to help.
BLANCA: She also went
to your kids' school.
visited Jones at home. and
finally called his supervisor
the night he was killed
to have him report
right around the same time
he went missing.
I think Angela Valdes
and your husband
have been having an affair
this whole time.
I'm not sleeping with him.
Tasha.
I think your husband
killed Raymond Jones.
and now they're colluding
to frame you for it.
(Tense music)
(Chuckles)
That's ridiculous.
Is it?
Who else would've had access
to your gun?
Even if. as you say.
it was in the closet.
Did you know the CSUs missed
the bullet in Jones' flop
on their first pass?
BLANCA: They might've
missed it entirely
if an enterprising AUSA.
who just happened to be on the
scene hadn't pointed it out.
I just came from
the crime scene. Tasha.
The pulled a bullet
from the wall.
Wait. Angela found
the bullet hole?
That's right.
Your criminal husband and
the woman who ruined your life
are conspiring against you.
So why are you protecting them?
Just say he did it.
We're offering full immunity
in exchange for turning in
your husband
and Angela Valdes.
Think about it.
Angela pointed out the bullet
hole so we would find it
and pin this all on you.
But all you have to say is
"yes" and you can walk away.
My husband did not kill
Raymond Jones.
(snickers)
(sighs)
- TOMMY: Hey.
- Hey.
TOMMY: Hey. Tony.
- You made it.
- How you doin'?
I'm doing all right. man.
You showed up.
Ah. I wouldn't miss it.
- Hey.
- Sammy.
Thanks for putting
this together.
I'm sorry with what went down
with the Italians.
I just want you to know that is
not how I do business.
And this ain't gonna be
like that.
At all.
Hey. we're all good.
We're all good. kid. okay?
Yeah. yeah.
Me and your old man.
we sorted it out.
Listen. Vincent's an entitled
fucking hothead.
SAMMY: You know. we're all
lucky to be out
from underneath him. right?
Look at this.
I mean. who would've thought
in a million years
that I'd be shoveling stuff
back in to the joint
with my best friend
in the world and my kid. huh?
(Chuckles)
All right.
Well. let's get moving.
I can't believe I let you
talk me into this. man.
- You fucking son of a bitch.
- Shut up.
It's gonna be worth it.
Okay. we're gonna make a mint
and we're gonna deliver him
to the Feds just
like we planned.
Yeah?
TOMMY: Hey.
You're gonna hurt yourself.
Come on. let's get moving.
I got a strip club
I wanna take you to.
- (laughs)
- SAMMY: (chuckles)
Do it my way.
and we both walk out of here.
Twice in two days. Dre.
I hope you're bringing me
solutions.
This is the motherfucker
that sold you to the Feds.
- DRE: Talk. motherfucker.
- ARTURO: (whimpering)
When my cousin Uriel was
the head of the Toros Locos.
he said you were the one
who planted Diego's gun
at our house.
DRE.' And?
And Diego knows you set him up.
Fuck.
Madre puta.
Dame un cigarro.
What the fuck sis he saying?
She wants a fucking cigarette.
ALICIA.' Fuck.
(Tense music)
Is this everything?
DRE: Yeah. that's everything.
ALICIA: Did you know
about this?
No. just today.
But I have a solution.
DRE: Diego is going to take
revenge on you.
Unless he can't.
Of course. our hands are tied
because
nothing can trace back to you.
But what if I told you
there's someone
who's already
planning to kill him?
Is there?
I can stop it if you want.
Or we can let it unfold.
Why don't we just see
how it plays out?
Done.
DRE: This guy fucked up.
He can't be trusted.
- No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
- Sorry. bro.
No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
No. no. no. no. please.
(screaming)
Please. no.
Yo. you're still studying?
Yep.
Luke just got the new
"Call of Duty."
- You wanna come?
- Nah.
Hey. you still want them pills?
Fuck yeah. dude.
(Tense music)
The whole bottle?
Yeah.
That good?
That should be enough.
Let me know if you need more.
Thanks. man.
I appreciate it.
I'm pulling the plug
on St. Patrick.
We're right there.
TAMEIKA: I told you I needed
something solid.
Today was a nice Hail Mary.
but it didn't pan out.
Audit got stopped before they
got anything on St. Patrick.
MAK: But it looks like
something shady is going on
with that Councilman Tate.
From the file clerk.
It doesn't matter.
She's shutting it down.
- But Valdes--
- Has made some bad decisions.
Absolutely.
But I can't prove anything.
TAMEIKA: I can't waste
any more of our resources
on a witch-hunt.
Cooper. did you hear me?
We are done.
(Suspenseful music)
Holy shit.
What is it?
SAXE: Bullet that killed
Raymond Jones.
matches the ballistics we ran
on Tasha St. Patrick's gun.
Blanca was right.
And Valdes fucking buried
the report.
MAK: That's obstruction.
SAXE: It's more than that.
That is proof she's part
of this organization.
(elevator chimes)
Well. how did it go?
All this time. I believed
everything you said to me.
Tasha. I've been totally
straight with you.
You were the one who pointed
out the bullet hole
at Ray Ray's.
We're only here because of you.
Angela. is this true?
Never in a million years
did I think the gun
would trace back to Tasha.
Yes. I thought you did it.
But never that
you'd be that careless.
Well. they think
you're both working together.
They think you stole my gun
and killed Ray Ray.
And she's helping you
to frame me for it.
Just tell me. Ghost.
where were you when they came
here and questioned me
about the gun?
The fundraiser. Tasha.
Getting drunk out of my mind
in front of everyone. which you
knew 'cause you saw me that way
when I walked in here. remember?
Tasha. they're playing you.
It's what cops do.
They make you paranoid.
- It's ridiculous.
- TASHA: Is it?
What. is it ridiculous that
they offered me immunity
to flip on the both of you?
- What the fuck?
- Immunity?
Ugh.
(Tense music)
That means there's a
high-level prosecutor involved.
Maybe Federal.
Tasha. who's questioning you?
Some NYPD bitch named...
BOTH: Blanca.
TASHA: How did you know
it was her?
- She spotted me when--
- You.
This is about you.
They want you.
If you believe that. then
why didn't you take the deal?
Because my having immunity
doesn't protect Tariq.
Look. Tasha.
I don't want you to worry.
I'll figure something out.
all right?
I don't need you
to figure it out.
I have a plan.
What?
I'm gonna get Terry Silver
to lie for me.
Terry Silver?
Why would he do that?
Because he loves me.
He loves me more
than you ever did.
Maybe I should go.
No. no. you two should stay.
I'll go.
(50 Cent's "Crazy" playing)
PNB ROCK: ♪ I'm going crazy ♪
♪ I'm going out of my head ♪
♪ It feels like
I'm going crazy ♪
♪ Nothing can save me ♪
♪ I'm going close
to the edge ♪
♪ Hey. hey ♪
♪ I can't stop
staring out my window ♪
♪ Chopper and my pistol ♪
♪ I'm going out of my head.
he--he--head ♪
50 CENT: ♪ Then I was
in the second row ♪
♪ The second time
Em married Kim ♪
♪ Looking at Proof like ♪
♪ How much you think this
gon' cost them? ♪
♪ Feels like a setup.
Shaniqua's being nice to me ♪
♪ I rather a nigga just
put a knife in me ♪
♪ Than go through the emotions
the confusion and commotions ♪
♪ Never die down in my head.
they keep going ♪
PNB ROCK: ♪ Feels like
I'm going crazy ♪
♪ Nothing can save me ♪
♪ I'm going close
to the edge ♪
♪ Hey. hey ♪
♪ I can't stop staring out
my window ♪
♪ Chopper and my pistol ♪
♪ I'm going out of my head ♪